Municipalities
==============

This website aims to help the analysis of the activities that Macedonian municipalities show on the most popular social media: Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. The main purpose of my bachelor thesis was making a research of the usage of social media at the Macedonian municipalities. The goal was to show the degree of social media appearance at the most prominent social media (Twitter, Facebook and YouTube) by the local government, how they use this media to get closer to the citizens and to give an overview of the level of usage they show online. I made a web application in C# (worked in Visual Studio 2012) that serves as a help tool to give the results and make analysis of the data gained from the API’s of the relevant social media for the municipalities. This web site give different overview of the data, using plots, maps and news feed. The users can then analyze and see the activities of all the municipalities in Macedonia. The goal of this thesis, besides learning more about web programming, is to show the importance of freedom of the media and especially to emphasize the influence that social media have nowadays for making more democratic and open societies. The results of this research were interesting for my mentor and associate professors that followed my work and suggested upgrading this project to a deeper investigation in the data gained, specifically analyzing the trends that the data shows regarding its type and purpose for the citizens.
